Add setting for yaml spec version (#606)
redhat-developer/vscode-yaml: README.md

*Auto completion and hover support are provided by the schema. Please refer to Language Server Settings to setup a schema*

## YAML version support

> Starting from `0.24.0` extension uses new YAML parser, which more strict to YAML spec version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from `0.24.0` the extension uses [eemeli/yaml](https://github.com/eemeli/yaml) as the new YAML parser, which strictly enforces the specified YAML spec version.
```
